_projects/internships/sp25/GHSApp/index.md, before:

---
layout: project_page
title: "GHS App"
phrase: "Enabling K-12 engagement"
tech: [ "JavaScript", "HTML" ]
screencast-youtube: hVx8VQ5Y79M
prof: "gunay"
client: "Green and Healthy Schools"
client-url: "https://ggc.edu"
demo-url: "https://github.com"
description: "Our interns have completed the first draft portal for them to collect registrations from K-12 instructors and administrators and post project progress reports."
logo-full: flyer-GGCMaps.png
logo-thumb: thumb-flyer-GGCMaps.png
repo-url: "https://github.com/"
photos:
- flyer-GGCMaps.png
- thumb-flyer-GGCMaps.png

project_key: "ghs-portal"
sponsor_key: [ "ghs", "cengiz-gunay", "tirza-leader" ]
course_key: internships
semester_key: sp25
cohort: ""
---

Detailed information about the {{ page.title }} development process.

<!-- lightgallery -->
<script src="https://code.jquery.com/jquery-2.2.4.min.js"></script>
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/lightgallery/1.3.7/js/lightgallery.min.js">
</script>
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/g/lg-zoom"></script>

<script type="text/javascript">

    $(document).ready(function() {

        $("body").lightGallery({

            zoom: true,
            selector: 'a#lightgallery',
            selectWithin: 'body'

        });

    });

</script>

[ggc]: http://www.ggc.edu
[gunay-ggc]: http://www.ggc.edu/about-ggc/directory/cengiz-gunay
[doloc-ggc]: http://www.ggc.edu/about-ggc/directory/anca-doloc-mihu

Commit message:

Start backporting new features to legacy content

_projects/internships/sp25/GHSApp/index.md, after:

---
layout: project_page
title: "GHS App"
phrase: "Enabling K-12 engagement"
tech: [ "JavaScript", "HTML" ]
screencast-youtube: hVx8VQ5Y79M
prof: "gunay"
client: "Green and Healthy Schools"
client-url: "https://ggc.edu"
demo-url: "https://github.com"
description: "Our interns have completed the first draft portal for them to collect registrations from K-12 instructors and administrators and post project progress reports."
logo-full: flyer-GGCMaps.png
logo-thumb: thumb-flyer-GGCMaps.png
repo-url: "https://github.com/"
photos:
- flyer-GGCMaps.png
- thumb-flyer-GGCMaps.png

project_key: "ghs-portal"
sponsor_key: [ "ghs", "cengiz-gunay", "tirza-leader", "anca-doloc-mihu" ]
course_key: internships
semester_key: sp25
cohort: ""
---

Our interns have completed the first draft portal to collect
registrations from K-12 instructors and administrators and post
project progress reports.
We plan to start testing this portal in September 2025 and collect
feedback to continue further development.

<!-- lightgallery -->
<script src="https://code.jquery.com/jquery-2.2.4.min.js"></script>
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/lightgallery/1.3.7/js/lightgallery.min.js">
</script>
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/g/lg-zoom"></script>

<script type="text/javascript">

    $(document).ready(function() {

        $("body").lightGallery({

            zoom: true,
            selector: 'a#lightgallery',
            selectWithin: 'body'

        });

    });

</script>

[ggc]: http://www.ggc.edu
[gunay-ggc]: http://www.ggc.edu/about-ggc/directory/cengiz-gunay
[doloc-ggc]: http://www.ggc.edu/about-ggc/directory/anca-doloc-mihu
