_students/all/Samuel_Keller.md, before:

---
layout: student_profile_new
title: "Sam Keller" 
logo: "" 
header: "SamKellerBanner.JPG" 
project_role: "Fullstack Developer" 
contact_email: "skeller7@ggc.edu" 
major: "I.T., Conc. Software Development & Digital Media" 
graduation_year: 2026 
cohort: "" 
skills: ["React", "Angular", "ASP.NET Core", "MongoDB", "TailwindCSS", "TypeScript", "C#", "UI/UX Design", "System Design"] 
highlights: ["Top-5 at CCSCSE research competition", "President’s List"] 

location: "Loganville, GA" 
student_id: "Samuel-Keller"


#####################
## OPTIONAL VALUES ##
#####################

# Provide all, one, none, etc.! The choice is yours!

website: "https://sam-keller-tech.vercel.app/" 
git: "https://github.com/KobenjiSan"
linkedin: "https://www.linkedin.com/in/samuel-keller-5b97a51b4/"

###################################################
## ⚠️ ADDITIONAL AND OPTIONAL PROFILE CONTENT ⚠️ ##
###################################################

# Everything below the following `---` will be displayed as
# part of the "About Me" section on your student profile.

# While you can choose to include no additional information,
# we suggest that you take some time to consider what you might
# like to include that will enhance your student profile.

# An outline has been provided for you below.
# Please feel free to edit it as you see fit!
# Remember, this should be a professional description
# about yourself and your abilities, achievements, etc.
---

<!-- Include or delete -->
Senior Information Technology student at Georgia Gwinnett College with concentrations in Software Development and Digital Media. I enjoy designing research-backed interfaces and architecting modular, scalable systems that bring clarity and structure to complex data.
<!-- End delete -->

<!-- Include or delete -->

<!-- ## My Role in the Project -->
<!-- Provide a short summary of your project—what it was, what problem it solved, and what your role was.

**Sponsor:** [Sponsor Name]  
**Team Size:** [e.g., Solo / 3 students]  
**Duration:** [e.g., 10 weeks – Summer 2025]

> Example:  
> I developed a web-based dashboard for tracking lab inventory levels in real time. My responsibilities included designing the UI in Figma, implementing the front-end in React, and integrating Firebase for real-time updates. -->
<!-- End delete -->

<!-- Include or delete -->

<!-- ## Skills Applied & Learned -->
<!-- List the technologies, tools, or soft skills you used or developed during your project.

- Full-stack development (React, Node.js)
- RESTful APIs & Firebase integration
- Agile sprints & team communication
- Scientific data visualization -->
<!-- End delete -->

<!-- Include or delete -->

<!-- ## Reflections -->
<!-- Share a short paragraph or a few bullet points reflecting on the experience:

- What was your biggest challenge?
- What are you proud of?
- What did you learn about yourself or your career goals?

> Example:  
> This project taught me how to scope a product from idea to MVP. It also gave me the confidence to work directly with a sponsor and justify design decisions. I now know I want to pursue a career in health tech. -->
<!-- End delete -->

Commit message:

chore: Update student Sam Keller profile
fixed to match new student-project mapping by Fareed

_students/all/Samuel_Keller.md, after:

---
layout: student_profile_new
title: "Sam Keller" 
logo: "" 
header: "SamKellerBanner.JPG" 
project_role: "Fullstack Developer" 
contact_email: "skeller7@ggc.edu" 
major: "I.T., Conc. Software Development & Digital Media" 
graduation_year: 2026 
cohort: "" 
skills: ["React", "Angular", "ASP.NET Core", "MongoDB", "TailwindCSS", "TypeScript", "C#", "UI/UX Design", "System Design"] 
highlights: ["Top-5 at CCSCSE research competition", "President’s List"] 
location: "Loganville, GA" 
student_id: "Samuel-Keller"


#####################
## OPTIONAL VALUES ##
#####################

# Provide all, one, none, etc.! The choice is yours!

website: "https://sam-keller-tech.vercel.app/" 
git: "https://github.com/KobenjiSan"
linkedin: "https://www.linkedin.com/in/samuel-keller-5b97a51b4/"

###################################################
## ⚠️ ADDITIONAL AND OPTIONAL PROFILE CONTENT ⚠️ ##
###################################################

# Everything below the following `---` will be displayed as
# part of the "About Me" section on your student profile.

# While you can choose to include no additional information,
# we suggest that you take some time to consider what you might
# like to include that will enhance your student profile.

# An outline has been provided for you below.
# Please feel free to edit it as you see fit!
# Remember, this should be a professional description
# about yourself and your abilities, achievements, etc.
---

<!-- Include or delete -->
Senior Information Technology student at Georgia Gwinnett College with concentrations in Software Development and Digital Media. I enjoy designing research-backed interfaces and architecting modular, scalable systems that bring clarity and structure to complex data.
<!-- End delete -->

<!-- Include or delete -->

## My Roles
**Satisfeed GeoAnalytics Dashboard:**
Satisfeed is a MapLibre-powered analytics dashboard that turns distribution data and school / library location data into privacy-aware geographic insights for food-insecurity planning.

- **Sponsor:** Georgia Gwinnett College and Satisfeed
- **Team Size:** 3 people
- **Duration:** Fall 2025

I led the front-end architecture and UI/UX for Satisfeed, designing the dashboard’s information hierarchy, visual system, and interactive map experience. Along with my team, I built the Next.js + Tailwind + MapLibre front end, implemented layered map overlays and heatmaps, and helped shape a privacy-aware GeoJSON data flow so complex datasets could be explored clearly and safely in a real client-facing environment.

**AnalySim:**
Analysim is a free online web platform enabling researchers to analyze and share data by providing interactive visualizations, and collaborate with others. The open platform is specialized for working with high-dimensional data sets such as those constructed via computational modeling. Analysim also allows you to run custom analysis on any type of data.

- **Sponsor:** Georgia Gwinnett College 
- **Team Size:** Solo
- **Duration:** Spring 2026
  
As a front-end developer, I so far have focused on refactoring AnalySim's UI by introducing a token-based design system and global styles. Migrating pages into reusable, consistent patterns to improve maintainability and scalability.


## Skills Applied & Learned

- Front-end architecture and design systems (token-based theming, global styles)
- React / Next.js development
- SCSS architecture and scalable CSS
- Legacy UI refactoring and migration
- Interactive maps and geospatial data (MapLibre, GeoJSON)
- CSV data parsing and transformation
- Responsive UI/UX implementation
- Git, PRs, and version control
- Stakeholder communication on technical decisions


## Reflections
coming soon
