about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About the Practicum Site
permalink: /about/
---

This is an educational site to exhibit student software project demos
from various schools in the Metro Atlanta region. The site is
maintained by [{{ site.author_name }}]({{ site.author_link }})
from [Georgia Gwinnett College](http://www.ggc.edu/). Many of the
projects were supervised by other faculty members or external
collaborators of the organization.

## Sponsors

<div class="sponsor-img-section">
    <div class="sponsor-img-float"><a href="http://github.com"><img src="/assets/github-Octocat.png"></a></div>
	<div class="sponsor-img-float"><a href="http://bitbucket.com"><img src="/assets/Atlassian-horizontal-blue-rgb.svg"> <img src="/assets/Jira Software-blue.svg"> <img src="/assets/Bitbucket-blue.svg"></a></div>
    <div class="sponsor-img-clear"><a href="https://zenhub.com"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ZenHubIO/support/master/zenhub-badge.png"></a></div>
</div>

## Credits

The original Jekyll code for the website was authored by Cengiz
Gunay. Colorlib template was adopted
by [Nilaja Williams](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nilajawilliams/), and
further developed by CG. We thank all of the project clients who
devoted time to work with the students.

Commit message:

Facelift and video
Added video to home page with brief explanation of approach.

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About the Practicum Site
permalink: /about/
---

This is an educational site to exhibit student software project demos
from various schools in the Metro Atlanta region. The site is
maintained by [{{ site.author_name }}]({{ site.author_link }})
from [Georgia Gwinnett College](http://www.ggc.edu/). Many of the
projects were supervised by other faculty members or external
collaborators of the organization.

## Sponsors

<div class="sponsor-img-section">
    <div class="sponsor-img-float"><a href="http://github.com"><img src="/assets/github-Octocat.png"></a></div>
	<div class="sponsor-img-float"><a href="http://bitbucket.com"><img src="/assets/Atlassian-horizontal-blue-rgb.svg"> <img src="/assets/Jira Software-blue.svg"> <img src="/assets/Bitbucket-blue.svg"></a></div>
    <div class="sponsor-img-clear"><a href="https://zenhub.com"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ZenHubIO/support/master/zenhub-badge.png"></a></div>
</div>

## Credits

The original Jekyll code for the website was authored by Cengiz
Gunay. Colorlib template was adopted
by [Nilaja Williams](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nilajawilliams/), and
further developed by
CG. [Katherine Balsley, MFA](https://www.ggc.edu/about-ggc/directory/katherine-balsley) produced
the video on the home page. We thank all of the project clients who
devoted time to work with the students.
