_projects/internships/sp25/WalkingTrails/index.md, before:

---
layout: project_page
title: "Walking Trails"
phrase: "Encouraging accessible fitness habits"
tech: [ "JavaScript", "HTML" ]
screencast-youtube: hVx8VQ5Y79M
prof: "gunay"
client: "GGC"
client-url: ""
demo-url: "https://www.ggc.edu"
description: "It aims to provide web-based access to area trails and wellness instructions via videos."
logo-full: flyer-GGCMaps.png
logo-thumb: thumb-flyer-GGCMaps.png
repo-url: "https://github.com/"
photos:
- flyer-GGCMaps.png
- thumb-flyer-GGCMaps.png

project_key: "walking-trails"
sponsor_key: [ "ggc", "cengiz-gunay", "tirza-leader" ]
course_key: internships
semester_key: sp25
cohort: ""
---
Walking Trails is an initiative formed at Georgia Gwinnett College, in partnership with the Gwinnett Parks and Recreation Department.

<!-- lightgallery -->
<script src="https://code.jquery.com/jquery-2.2.4.min.js"></script>
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/lightgallery/1.3.7/js/lightgallery.min.js">
</script>
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/g/lg-zoom"></script>

<script type="text/javascript">

    $(document).ready(function() {

        $("body").lightGallery({

            zoom: true,
            selector: 'a#lightgallery',
            selectWithin: 'body'

        });

    });

</script>

[ggc]: http://www.ggc.edu
[gunay-ggc]: http://www.ggc.edu/about-ggc/directory/cengiz-gunay
[doloc-ggc]: http://www.ggc.edu/about-ggc/directory/anca-doloc-mihu

Commit message:

Start backporting new features to legacy content

_projects/internships/sp25/WalkingTrails/index.md, after:

---
layout: project_page
title: "Walking Trails"
phrase: "Encouraging accessible fitness habits"
tech: [ "JavaScript", "HTML" ]
screencast-youtube: hVx8VQ5Y79M
prof: "gunay"
client: "GGC"
client-url: ""
demo-url: "https://www.ggc.edu"
description: "It aims to provide web-based access to area trails and wellness instructions via videos."
logo-full: flyer-GGCMaps.png
logo-thumb: thumb-flyer-GGCMaps.png
repo-url: "https://github.com/"
photos:
- flyer-GGCMaps.png
- thumb-flyer-GGCMaps.png

project_key: "walking-trails"
sponsor_key: [ "ggc", "cengiz-gunay", "tirza-leader", "anca-doloc-mihu" ]
course_key: internships
semester_key: sp25
cohort: ""
---

Walking Trails is an initiative formed at Georgia Gwinnett College,
in partnership with the
[Gwinnett Parks and Recreation Department](https://www.gwinnettcounty.com/
departments/parksandrecreation).
It aims to provide web-based
access to area trails and wellness instructions via videos.  

Our interns have completed the first prototype
of this portal for trails within our college campus, and we
plan to start testing with stakeholders in September 2025 to collect
feedback.

<!-- lightgallery -->
<script src="https://code.jquery.com/jquery-2.2.4.min.js"></script>
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/lightgallery/1.3.7/js/lightgallery.min.js">
</script>
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/g/lg-zoom"></script>

<script type="text/javascript">

    $(document).ready(function() {

        $("body").lightGallery({

            zoom: true,
            selector: 'a#lightgallery',
            selectWithin: 'body'

        });

    });

</script>

[ggc]: http://www.ggc.edu
[gunay-ggc]: http://www.ggc.edu/about-ggc/directory/cengiz-gunay
[doloc-ggc]: http://www.ggc.edu/about-ggc/directory/anca-doloc-mihu
