_itec3870_sp20/index.md, before:

---
layout: projects

title:  "Spring 2020 Software Projects"
date:   2020-04-22 14:00:00
categories: itec3870 create appfactory
collection: itec3870_sp20

projects:
- name: "Grizzly Hacks website by Evil"
  tech: [ node, angular, bootstrap, html/css, firebase]
  screencast-youtube: Yzh8gksAtMo
  members: "Team Evil: Josh Beers, Anne Joseph, Danielle Battle" 
  client: 'GGC student Vi "Jimmy" Nguyen'
  demo-url: https://grizzly-hacks.web.app/home
  description: "We developped the web application for the Grizzly Hacks RSO. The Grizzly Hacks web application allows users to access information about hackathons that the RSO will be hosting on campus. The application also allows users to register and apply for an upcoming hackathon. The web application gives administration an easy way to update the event calendar on the landing page and audit accounts and applications without database knowledge."
  logo-full: images/flyer-GrizzlyHacksWebsite-Evil.png
  logo-thumb: images/thumb-flyer-GrizzlyHacksWebsite-Evil.png
  repo-url: https://github.com/GGC-SD/GrizzlyHacks
- name: "Roster Sniper"
  title: "Notifies you for openings in full courses"
  tech: [ python, django, html/css, mysql ]
  screencast-streamable: s/ndkddh/ojasn
  members: "Thinking Code: Ryan Cosentino and Shaun Mitchell"
  client: "GGC IT faculty, [Dr. Binh Tran](https://www.ggc.edu/about-ggc/directory/binh-tran)"
  description: "Have you ever found a course which matches your schedule perfectly only to realize it's run out of seats? Say goodbye to checking banner everyday for weeks and hello to Roster Sniper! Our website helps students track courses by sending email notifications once a particular course becomes available. Students are able to create accounts, login and logout, search for and track courses, and manage notifications through our easy to use web application developed with Django. Course data is stored in a MySQL database and is updated periodically by scraping data from banner."
  logo-full: images/flyer-roster-sniper.png
  logo-thumb: images/thumb-flyer-roster-sniper.png
  demo-url: https://rostersniper.com/
  repo-url: https://github.com/soft-eng-practicum/ggc-coursicle
- name: "GGRA Non-profit Interactive Resource Map Web App"
  title: "For updating and displaying locations and information"
  tech: [ javascript, jquery, html/css, .netcore, c#, mssql, rest ]
  screencast-youtube: XHLFTyXzt_4
  members: "Team AmbigiousLarks: Khang Ho, Joshua Sales, and an anonymous member"
  client: "Brendan Spaar, [Greater Gwinnett Reentry Alliance](https://www.gwinnettreentry.org/)"
  demo-url: https://ggra-development.azurewebsites.net/
  description: "Our group is continuing the development of a web app which assists ex offenders reintegrate into society listing public organizations and plotting them on an interactive map. The user may select an organization to view details: address, phone number, description and see that organization's location on a Google map. An administrator will be able to add new organizations to an SQL database through a web interface."
  logo-full: images/flyer-GGRA.png
  logo-thumb: images/thumb-flyer-GGRA.png
  repo-url: https://github.com/soft-eng-practicum/GGRAwebsite
- name: "GA Non-Profits Web-App"
  title: "Interactive online map"
  tech: [ node, angular, html/css ]
  screencast-youtube: MxFcWwkqitA
  members: "IT Crowd: Matheus Silva, Makela Adams, and an anonymous member"
  client: "GGC alumnus, Jasmin Alvarez"
  description: "Our goal for this web app is to make information about non-profit organizations more accessible to the community and volunteers. The user will be able to search all non-profit organizations in Gwinnett County, the user will also have a filter feature where the user can filter the non - profit organizations based on their preferences. User can see details information of all the organizations with a link to access the organization website directly."
  logo-full: images/flyer-ga-nonprofits-it-crowd.png
  logo-thumb: images/thumb-flyer-ga-nonprofits-it-crowd.png
  demo-url: https://jovial-keller-b0587c.netlify.app/
  repo-url: https://github.com/soft-eng-practicum/GA-non-profits
- name: "GGC Sustainability Pledge website"
  tech: [ node, angular, html/css, firebase]
  screencast-youtube: VRr0vG4C6y8
  members: "Chris Martinez, David Mercado, and Denzel Gomez" 
  client: "GGC student Le Quang Greatzel Unabia and GGC faculty, Chair of Sustainability Committee [Dr. Elizabeth Sudduth](https://www.ggc.edu/about-ggc/directory/elizabeth-sudduth)"
  description: "We have been working on a Sustainability Pledge website for the GGC Sustainability Committee that aims to implement a comprehensive and strategic plan for the conservation and recycling of resources at GGC. The web application will allow users to take and manage their pledges to start or continue living a sustainable lifestyle."
  logo-full: images/flyer-SustainabilityPledge.png
  logo-thumb: images/thumb-flyer-SustainabilityPledge.png
  repo-url: https://github.com/GGC-SD/SustainabilityWebsite.git
- name: "Grizzly Hacks website by Exodia"
  title: "Code like a Grizzly: Responsive, easy-to-use, efficient"
  tech: [ javascript, react, html/css, firebase]
  screencast-youtube: oHnf5DbRzzA
  members: "Team Exodia: Joshua Grimaldo, Zachary Idrees, Josiah Williams, Erick Martinez" 
  client: 'GGC student Vi "Jimmy" Nguyen'
  description: "The project being developed is a website for Grizzly Hacks. The purpose of this website is for users to register for GGC's hackathon. This website will also answer general questions people may have regarding what is and what happens at a hackathon. It will also have a schedule for users to know what events and workshops will be taking place during the hackathon. The website will also display sponsors for the hackathon and contact information for the event."
  logo-full: images/flyer-Grizzly_Hacks_Exodia.png
  logo-thumb: images/thumb-flyer-Grizzly_Hacks_Exodia.png
  repo-url: https://github.com/soft-eng-practicum/grizzly-hacks-ws
- name: "Good Vibes"
  title: "The positive, anonymous messaging app for GGC students"
  tech: [ android, unity, c#, mysql, php ]
  screencast-youtube: -HlA93e_tW4
  members: "Yonathan Zuniga and Jesse Merida"
  client: "GGC alumnus Eric Jenkins"
  description: "For our Software Development 2 project, our group is developing an Android application that lets GGC users anonymously post their thoughts. The goal is for users to have a safe and open space for them to receive positive feedback on topics that they post, receiving help with any mental health issues or other struggles that they are going through. There will be an automatic text filter and manual reporting button for unsafe and toxic behaviors."
  logo-full: images/flyer-good-vibes.png
  logo-thumb: images/thumb-flyer-good-vibes.png
  demo-url: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1cQ3S0eCEacD1vxasM3GFvXTvVMnPQW62
  repo-url: https://github.com/soft-eng-practicum/good-vibes
---

These projects were developed by [Georgia Gwinnett College][ggc]
students during the ITEC 3870 Software Development 2 course sections
taught by [Dr. Cengiz Gunay][gunay-ggc]
and [Dr. Anca Doloc-Mihu][doloc-ggc] in the Spring 2020 semester. Each
project was commissioned and supervised by a GGC professor or an
external client who provided the idea, requirements, and direction
throughout the semester. Final products were demonstrated and tested
by other students and faculty at the GGC App Factory event on April
23rd, 2020, which was held online instead of during the regular GGC
CREATE Symposium because of the COVID-19 restrictions.
	
[ggc]:		http://www.ggc.edu
[gunay-ggc]: 	http://www.ggc.edu/about-ggc/directory/cengiz-gunay
[doloc-ggc]: 	http://www.ggc.edu/about-ggc/directory/anca-doloc-mihu

Commit message:

Added GGRA meeting video link and actual demo site.

_itec3870_sp20/index.md, after:

---
layout: projects

title:  "Spring 2020 Software Projects"
date:   2020-04-22 14:00:00
categories: itec3870 create appfactory
collection: itec3870_sp20

projects:
- name: "Grizzly Hacks website by Evil"
  tech: [ node, angular, bootstrap, html/css, firebase]
  screencast-youtube: Yzh8gksAtMo
  members: "Team Evil: Josh Beers, Anne Joseph, Danielle Battle" 
  client: 'GGC student Vi "Jimmy" Nguyen'
  demo-url: https://grizzly-hacks.web.app/home
  description: "We developped the web application for the Grizzly Hacks RSO. The Grizzly Hacks web application allows users to access information about hackathons that the RSO will be hosting on campus. The application also allows users to register and apply for an upcoming hackathon. The web application gives administration an easy way to update the event calendar on the landing page and audit accounts and applications without database knowledge."
  logo-full: images/flyer-GrizzlyHacksWebsite-Evil.png
  logo-thumb: images/thumb-flyer-GrizzlyHacksWebsite-Evil.png
  repo-url: https://github.com/GGC-SD/GrizzlyHacks
- name: "Roster Sniper"
  title: "Notifies you for openings in full courses"
  tech: [ python, django, html/css, mysql ]
  screencast-streamable: s/ndkddh/ojasn
  members: "Thinking Code: Ryan Cosentino and Shaun Mitchell"
  client: "GGC IT faculty, [Dr. Binh Tran](https://www.ggc.edu/about-ggc/directory/binh-tran)"
  description: "Have you ever found a course which matches your schedule perfectly only to realize it's run out of seats? Say goodbye to checking banner everyday for weeks and hello to Roster Sniper! Our website helps students track courses by sending email notifications once a particular course becomes available. Students are able to create accounts, login and logout, search for and track courses, and manage notifications through our easy to use web application developed with Django. Course data is stored in a MySQL database and is updated periodically by scraping data from banner."
  logo-full: images/flyer-roster-sniper.png
  logo-thumb: images/thumb-flyer-roster-sniper.png
  demo-url: https://rostersniper.com/
  repo-url: https://github.com/soft-eng-practicum/ggc-coursicle
- name: "GGRA Non-profit Interactive Resource Map Web App"
  title: "For updating and displaying locations and information"
  tech: [ javascript, jquery, html/css, .netcore, c#, mssql, rest ]
  screencast-youtube: XHLFTyXzt_4
  members: "Team AmbigiousLarks: Khang Ho, Joshua Sales, and an anonymous member"
  client: "Brendan Spaar, [Greater Gwinnett Reentry Alliance](https://www.gwinnettreentry.org/)"
  demo-url: https://ggra-development.azurewebsites.net/
  description: "Our group is continuing the development of a web app which assists ex offenders reintegrate into society listing public organizations and plotting them on an interactive map. The user may select an organization to view details: address, phone number, description and see that organization's location on a Google map. An administrator will be able to add new organizations to an SQL database through a web interface. Our product was accepted by the GGRA organization to be [integrated into their website](https://www.gwinnettreentry.org/map/) at the end of the semester, and [showcased at their monthly meeting](https://youtu.be/uKt8GCaQ_YQ?t=958)."
  logo-full: images/flyer-GGRA.png
  logo-thumb: images/thumb-flyer-GGRA.png
  repo-url: https://github.com/soft-eng-practicum/GGRAwebsite
- name: "GA Non-Profits Web-App"
  title: "Interactive online map"
  tech: [ node, angular, html/css ]
  screencast-youtube: MxFcWwkqitA
  members: "IT Crowd: Matheus Silva, Makela Adams, and an anonymous member"
  client: "GGC alumnus, Jasmin Alvarez"
  description: "Our goal for this web app is to make information about non-profit organizations more accessible to the community and volunteers. The user will be able to search all non-profit organizations in Gwinnett County, the user will also have a filter feature where the user can filter the non - profit organizations based on their preferences. User can see details information of all the organizations with a link to access the organization website directly."
  logo-full: images/flyer-ga-nonprofits-it-crowd.png
  logo-thumb: images/thumb-flyer-ga-nonprofits-it-crowd.png
  demo-url: https://jovial-keller-b0587c.netlify.app/
  repo-url: https://github.com/soft-eng-practicum/GA-non-profits
- name: "GGC Sustainability Pledge website"
  tech: [ node, angular, html/css, firebase]
  screencast-youtube: VRr0vG4C6y8
  members: "Chris Martinez, David Mercado, and Denzel Gomez" 
  client: "GGC student Le Quang Greatzel Unabia and GGC faculty, Chair of Sustainability Committee [Dr. Elizabeth Sudduth](https://www.ggc.edu/about-ggc/directory/elizabeth-sudduth)"
  description: "We have been working on a Sustainability Pledge website for the GGC Sustainability Committee that aims to implement a comprehensive and strategic plan for the conservation and recycling of resources at GGC. The web application will allow users to take and manage their pledges to start or continue living a sustainable lifestyle."
  logo-full: images/flyer-SustainabilityPledge.png
  logo-thumb: images/thumb-flyer-SustainabilityPledge.png
  repo-url: https://github.com/GGC-SD/SustainabilityWebsite.git
- name: "Grizzly Hacks website by Exodia"
  title: "Code like a Grizzly: Responsive, easy-to-use, efficient"
  tech: [ javascript, react, html/css, firebase]
  screencast-youtube: oHnf5DbRzzA
  members: "Team Exodia: Joshua Grimaldo, Zachary Idrees, Josiah Williams, Erick Martinez" 
  client: 'GGC student Vi "Jimmy" Nguyen'
  description: "The project being developed is a website for Grizzly Hacks. The purpose of this website is for users to register for GGC's hackathon. This website will also answer general questions people may have regarding what is and what happens at a hackathon. It will also have a schedule for users to know what events and workshops will be taking place during the hackathon. The website will also display sponsors for the hackathon and contact information for the event."
  logo-full: images/flyer-Grizzly_Hacks_Exodia.png
  logo-thumb: images/thumb-flyer-Grizzly_Hacks_Exodia.png
  repo-url: https://github.com/soft-eng-practicum/grizzly-hacks-ws
- name: "Good Vibes"
  title: "The positive, anonymous messaging app for GGC students"
  tech: [ android, unity, c#, mysql, php ]
  screencast-youtube: -HlA93e_tW4
  members: "Yonathan Zuniga and Jesse Merida"
  client: "GGC alumnus Eric Jenkins"
  description: "For our Software Development 2 project, our group is developing an Android application that lets GGC users anonymously post their thoughts. The goal is for users to have a safe and open space for them to receive positive feedback on topics that they post, receiving help with any mental health issues or other struggles that they are going through. There will be an automatic text filter and manual reporting button for unsafe and toxic behaviors."
  logo-full: images/flyer-good-vibes.png
  logo-thumb: images/thumb-flyer-good-vibes.png
  demo-url: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1cQ3S0eCEacD1vxasM3GFvXTvVMnPQW62
  repo-url: https://github.com/soft-eng-practicum/good-vibes
---

These projects were developed by [Georgia Gwinnett College][ggc]
students during the ITEC 3870 Software Development 2 course sections
taught by [Dr. Cengiz Gunay][gunay-ggc]
and [Dr. Anca Doloc-Mihu][doloc-ggc] in the Spring 2020 semester. Each
project was commissioned and supervised by a GGC professor or an
external client who provided the idea, requirements, and direction
throughout the semester. Final products were demonstrated and tested
by other students and faculty at the GGC App Factory event on April
23rd, 2020, which was held online instead of during the regular GGC
CREATE Symposium because of the COVID-19 restrictions.
	
[ggc]:		http://www.ggc.edu
[gunay-ggc]: 	http://www.ggc.edu/about-ggc/directory/cengiz-gunay
[doloc-ggc]: 	http://www.ggc.edu/about-ggc/directory/anca-doloc-mihu
