_projects/internships/sp25/NGFAdminDashboard/index.md, before:

---
layout: project_page
title: "NGF Admin Dashboard"
phrase: "Optimizing administrative operations"
tech: [ "JavaScript", "HTML" ]
screencast-youtube: hVx8VQ5Y79M
prof: "gunay"
client: "Next Generation Focus"
client-url: ""
demo-url: "https://github.com"
description: "Digitizing record keeping."
logo-full: flyer-GGCMaps.png
logo-thumb: thumb-flyer-GGCMaps.png
repo-url: "https://github.com/"
photos:
- flyer-GGCMaps.png
- thumb-flyer-GGCMaps.png

project_key: "ngf-admin-dashboard"
sponsor_key: [ "ngf", "cengiz-gunay", "tirza-leader" ]
course_key: internships
semester_key: sp25
cohort: ""
---

Detailed information about the {{ page.title }} development process.

<!-- lightgallery -->
<script src="https://code.jquery.com/jquery-2.2.4.min.js"></script>
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/lightgallery/1.3.7/js/lightgallery.min.js">
</script>
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/g/lg-zoom"></script>

<script type="text/javascript">

    $(document).ready(function() {

        $("body").lightGallery({

            zoom: true,
            selector: 'a#lightgallery',
            selectWithin: 'body'

        });

    });

</script>

[ggc]: http://www.ggc.edu
[gunay-ggc]: http://www.ggc.edu/about-ggc/directory/cengiz-gunay
[doloc-ggc]: http://www.ggc.edu/about-ggc/directory/anca-doloc-mihu

Commit message:

Start backporting new features to legacy content

_projects/internships/sp25/NGFAdminDashboard/index.md, after:

---
layout: project_page
title: "NGF Admin Dashboard"
phrase: "Optimizing administrative operations"
tech: [ "JavaScript", "HTML" ]
screencast-youtube: hVx8VQ5Y79M
prof: "gunay"
client: "Next Generation Focus"
client-url: ""
demo-url: "https://github.com"
description: "Digitizing record keeping."
logo-full: flyer-GGCMaps.png
logo-thumb: thumb-flyer-GGCMaps.png
repo-url: "https://github.com/"
photos:
- flyer-GGCMaps.png
- thumb-flyer-GGCMaps.png

project_key: "ngf-admin-dashboard"
sponsor_key: [ "ngf", "cengiz-gunay", "tirza-leader", "anca-doloc-mihu" ]
course_key: internships
semester_key: sp25
cohort: ""
---

Our intern added the staff section, improved many shortcomings
in the existing family section, and added an administrative control
section that allows adding schooling programs and send notifications
to families and staff.  
We are closely working with NGF to have the product start
a beta test period soon, while we continue fixing problems and
adding new requested features.

<!-- lightgallery -->
<script src="https://code.jquery.com/jquery-2.2.4.min.js"></script>
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/lightgallery/1.3.7/js/lightgallery.min.js">
</script>
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/g/lg-zoom"></script>

<script type="text/javascript">

    $(document).ready(function() {

        $("body").lightGallery({

            zoom: true,
            selector: 'a#lightgallery',
            selectWithin: 'body'

        });

    });

</script>

[ggc]: http://www.ggc.edu
[gunay-ggc]: http://www.ggc.edu/about-ggc/directory/cengiz-gunay
[doloc-ggc]: http://www.ggc.edu/about-ggc/directory/anca-doloc-mihu
